So now that we've practiced that,
what I want you to do now is go ahead and
do the same thing.
I want you to autofocus any field you want
on the NewDishForm that we have here.
So what I'm doing right here is just,
I sort of went ahead and
did a little bit of a migration
over to script setups.
And you'll have seen me
do that a few times, so
I figured no need to walk you
all through that whole thing.
So basically we have here the new-dish
form, did you all do okay as far
as getting everything autofocus
the way you want it to?
Great, this is good.
So let's run through this then.
So once again, just like we talked about,
the first thing we wanna do is decide
which element will be referenced.
So in this case I'll just pick this one,
so again,
element, I'll call it DishNameInput,
just to be a bit more specific.
And then we define our ref,
so const elDishNameInput,
this is a ref that could be
an HTML input element or null.
And it will start out as null because
when the page loads we don't know what
it'll be.
Then onMounted when the page has been
loaded, we will go ahead and say,
hey look, if dishNameInput.value
exists with the question mark,
then we'll go ahead and focus on it.
So just to make sure that
all this works as expected.
If we go over here to Dishes now and New,
there you go Name automatically shows up.